prairie-view-am,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/prairie-view-am,SWAC
presbyterian,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/presbyterian,Big South
princeton,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/princeton,Ivy League
providence,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/providence,Big East
purdue,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/purdue,Big Ten
quinnipiac,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/quinnipiac,MAAC
radford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/radford,Big South
rhode-island,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/rhode-island,A-10
rice,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/rice,Conference USA
richmond,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/richmond,A-10
rider,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/rider,MAAC
robert-morris,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/robert-morris,NEC
rutgers,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/rutgers,American Athletic
sacramento-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/sacramento-state,Big Sky
sacred-heart,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/sacred-heart,NEC
saint-louis,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/saint-louis,A-10
saint-marys,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/saint-marys,West Coast
sam-houston-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/sam-houston-state,Southland
samford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/samford,SoCon
san-diego,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/san-diego,West Coast
san-diego-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/san-diego-state,Mountain West
san-francisco,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/san-francisco,West Coast
san-jose-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/san-jose-state,Mountain West
santa-clara,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/santa-clara,West Coast
savannah-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/savannah-state,MEAC
seattle,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/seattle,WAC
seton-hall,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/seton-hall,Big East
siena,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/siena,MAAC
siu-edwardsville,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/siu-edwardsville,Ohio Valley
south-alabama,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-alabama,Sun Belt
south-carolina,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-carolina,SEC
south-carolina-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-carolina-state,MEAC
south-dakota,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-dakota,Summit League
south-dakota-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-dakota-state,Summit League
south-florida,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-florida,American Athletic
southeast-missouri-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southeast-missouri-state,Ohio Valley
southeastern-louisiana,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southeastern-louisiana,Southland
southern-illinois,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-illinois,Missouri Valley
southern-methodist,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-methodist,American Athletic
southern-miss,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-miss,Conference USA
southern-university,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-university,SWAC
southern-utah,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-utah,Big Sky
st-bonaventure,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-bonaventure,A-10
st-francis-ny,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-francis-ny,NEC
st-francis-pa,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-francis-pa,NEC
st-johns,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-johns,Big East
st-josephs-pa,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-josephs-pa,A-10
st-peters,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-peters,MAAC
stanford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/stanford,Pac-12
stephen-f-austin,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/stephen-f-austin,Southland
stetson,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/stetson,Atlantic Sun
stony-brook,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/stony-brook,America East
syracuse,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/syracuse,ACC
texas-christian,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-christian,Big 12
temple,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/temple,American Athletic
tennessee,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tennessee,SEC
tennessee-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tennessee-state,Ohio Valley
tennessee-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tennessee-tech,Ohio Valley
tennessee-martin,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tennessee-martin,Ohio Valley
texas,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas,Big 12
texas-am,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-am,SEC
texas-am-corpus-christi,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-am-corpus-christi,Southland
texas-southern,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-southern,SWAC
texas-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-state,Sun Belt
texas-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-tech,Big 12
texas-arlington,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-arlington,Sun Belt
texas-el-paso,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-el-paso,Conference USA
texas-pan-american,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-pan-american,WAC
texas-san-antonio,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-san-antonio,Conference USA
toledo,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/toledo,MAC
towson,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/towson,CAA
troy,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/troy,Sun Belt
tulane,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tulane,Conference USA
tulsa,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tulsa,Conference USA
uab,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/uab,Conference USA
california-davis,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california-davis,Big West
california-irvine,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california-irvine,Big West
california-riverside,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california-riverside,Big West
california-santa-barbara,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california-santa-barbara,Big West
central-florida,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/central-florida,American Athletic
ucla,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/ucla,Pac-12
illinois-chicago,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/illinois-chicago,Horizon
umass-lowell,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/umass-lowell,America East
unlv,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/unlv,Mountain West
southern-california,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-california,Pac-12
usc-upstate,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/usc-upstate,Atlantic Sun
utah,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/utah,Pac-12
utah-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/utah-state,Mountain West
utah-valley-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/utah-valley-state,WAC
valparaiso,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/valparaiso,Horizon
vanderbilt,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/vanderbilt,SEC
vermont,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/vermont,America East
villanova,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/villanova,Big East
virginia,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/virginia,ACC
virginia-commonwealth,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/virginia-commonwealth,A-10
virginia-military-institute,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/virginia-military-institute,Big South
virginia-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/virginia-tech,ACC
wagner,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wagner,NEC
wake-forest,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wake-forest,ACC
washington,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/washington,Pac-12
washington-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/washington-state,Pac-12
weber-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/weber-state,Big Sky
west-virginia,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/west-virginia,Big 12
western-carolina,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/western-carolina,SoCon
western-illinois,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/western-illinois,Summit League
western-kentucky,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/western-kentucky,Sun Belt
western-michigan,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/western-michigan,MAC
wichita-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wichita-state,Missouri Valley
william-mary,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/william-mary,CAA
winthrop,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/winthrop,Big South
wisconsin,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wisconsin,Big Ten
wofford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wofford,SoCon
wright-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wright-state,Horizon
wyoming,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wyoming,Mountain West
xavier,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/xavier,Big East
yale,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/yale,Ivy League
youngstown-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/youngstown-state,Horizon