abilene-christian,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/abilene-christian,Southland,NULL
air-force,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/air-force,Mountain West,clune-arena
akron,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/akron,MAC,james-a-rhodes-arena
alabama,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/alabama,SEC,coleman-coliseum
alabama-am,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/alabama-am,SWAC,elmore-gym
alabama-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/alabama-state,SWAC,joe-l-reed-acadome
albany,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/albany,America East,recreation-and-convocation-center
alcorn-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/alcorn-state,SWAC,davey-whitney-complex
american-university,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/american-university,Patriot,bender-arena
appalachian-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/appalachian-state,SoCon,holmes-center
arizona,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/arizona,Pac-12,mckale-center
arizona-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/arizona-state,Pac-12,wells-fargo-arena
arkansas,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/arkansas,SEC,bud-walton-arena
arkansas-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/arkansas-state,Sun Belt,convocation-center-ar
arkansas-little-rock,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/arkansas-little-rock,Sun Belt,jack-stephens-center
arkansas-pine-bluff,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/arkansas-pine-bluff,SWAC,k-l-johnson-complex
army,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/army,Patriot,christl-arena
auburn,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/auburn,SEC,auburn-arena
austin-peay,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/austin-peay,Ohio Valley,winfield-dunn-center
ball-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/ball-state,MAC,worthen-arena
baylor,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/baylor,Big 12,ferrell-center
belmont,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/belmont,Ohio Valley,curb-event-center
bethune-cookman,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/bethune-cookman,MEAC,moore-gym
binghamton,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/binghamton,America East,events-center
boise-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/boise-state,Mountain West,taco-bell-arena
boston-college,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/boston-college,ACC,silvio-o-conte-forum
boston-university,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/boston-university,Patriot,case-gym
bowling-green,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/bowling-green,MAC,stroh-center
bradley,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/bradley,Missouri Valley,carver-arena
brigham-young,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/brigham-young,West Coast,marriott-center
brown,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/brown,Ivy League,pizzitola-sports-center
bryant,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/bryant,NEC,chace-athletic-center
bucknell,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/bucknell,Patriot,sojka-pavilion
buffalo,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/buffalo,MAC,alumni-arena
butler,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/butler,Big East,hinkle-fieldhouse
cal-poly,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/cal-poly,Big West,mott-gym
cal-state-bakersfield,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/cal-state-bakersfield,WAC,rabobank-arena
cal-state-fullerton,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/cal-state-fullerton,Big West,titan-gym
cal-state-northridge,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/cal-state-northridge,Big West,the-matadome
california,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california,Pac-12,haas-pavilion
campbell,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/campbell,Big South,john-w-pope-jr-convocation-center
canisius,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/canisius,MAAC,koessler-athletic-center
central-arkansas,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/central-arkansas,Southland,farris-center
central-connecticut-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/central-connecticut-state,NEC,william-h-detrick-gymnasium
central-michigan,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/central-michigan,MAC,dan-rose-center
charleston-southern,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/charleston-southern,Big South,csu-fieldhouse
north-carolina-charlotte,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-carolina-charlotte,Conference USA,halton-arena
chattanooga,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/chattanooga,SoCon,mckenzie-arena
chicago-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/chicago-state,WAC,jones-convocation-center
cincinnati,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/cincinnati,American Athletic,fifth-third-arena
citadel,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/citadel,SoCon,mcalister-fieldhouse
clemson,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/clemson,ACC,littlejohn-coliseum
cleveland-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/cleveland-state,Horizon,csu-convocation-center
coastal-carolina,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/coastal-carolina,Big South,kimbel-arena
colgate,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/colgate,Patriot,cotterell-court
college-of-charleston,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/college-of-charleston,CAA,td-arena
colorado,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/colorado,Pac-12,coors-events-center
colorado-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/colorado-state,Mountain West,moby-arena
columbia,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/columbia,Ivy League,levien-gymnasium
connecticut,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/connecticut,American Athletic,hartford-civic-center
coppin-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/coppin-state,MEAC,coppin-center
cornell,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/cornell,Ivy League,newman-arena
creighton,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/creighton,Big East,centurylink-center
dartmouth,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/dartmouth,Ivy League,edward-leede-arena
davidson,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/davidson,SoCon,belk-arena
dayton,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/dayton,A-10,university-of-dayton-arena
delaware,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/delaware,CAA,bob-carpenter-center
delaware-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/delaware-state,MEAC,memorial-hall
denver,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/denver,Summit League,magness-arena
depaul,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/depaul,Big East,allstate-arena
detroit,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/detroit,Horizon,calihan-hall
drake,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/drake,Missouri Valley,drake-knapp-center
drexel,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/drexel,CAA,daskalakis-athletic-center
duke,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/duke,ACC,cameron-indoor-stadium
duquesne,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/duquesne,A-10,a-j-palumbo-center
east-carolina,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/east-carolina,Conference USA,williams-arena-at-minges-coliseum
east-tennessee-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/east-tennessee-state,Atlantic Sun,2-memorial-center
eastern-illinois,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/eastern-illinois,Ohio Valley,lantz-arena
eastern-kentucky,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/eastern-kentucky,Ohio Valley,mcbrayer-arena
eastern-michigan,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/eastern-michigan,MAC,convocation-center-mi
eastern-washington,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/eastern-washington,Big Sky,reese-court
elon,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/elon,SoCon,alumni-gym
evansville,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/evansville,Missouri Valley,2-ford-center
fairfield,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/fairfield,MAAC,arena-at-harbor-yard
fairleigh-dickinson,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/fairleigh-dickinson,NEC,rothman-center
florida,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/florida,SEC,o-connell-center
florida-am,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/florida-am,MEAC,alfred-lawson-multipurpose-center
florida-atlantic,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/florida-atlantic,Conference USA,fau-gymnasium
florida-gulf-coast,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/florida-gulf-coast,Atlantic Sun,alico-arena
florida-international,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/florida-international,Conference USA,pharmed-arena
florida-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/florida-state,ACC,donald-l-tucker-center
fordham,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/fordham,A-10,rose-hill-gym
fresno-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/fresno-state,Mountain West,savemart-center
furman,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/furman,SoCon,timmons-arena
gardner-webb,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/gardner-webb,Big South,paul-porter-arena
george-mason,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/george-mason,A-10,patriot-center
george-washington,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/george-washington,A-10,charles-e-smith-center
georgetown,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/georgetown,Big East,verizon-center
georgia,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/georgia,SEC,stegeman-coliseum
georgia-southern,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/georgia-southern,SoCon,hanner-fieldhouse
georgia-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/georgia-state,Sun Belt,gsu-sports-arena
georgia-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/georgia-tech,ACC,hank-mccamish-pavilion
gonzaga,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/gonzaga,West Coast,mccarthey-athletic-center
grambling-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/grambling-state,SWAC,gsu-assembly-center
grand-canyon,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/grand-canyon,WAC,NULL
wisconsin-green-bay,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wisconsin-green-bay,Horizon,resch-center
hampton,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/hampton,MEAC,hampton-convocation-center-va
hartford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/hartford,America East,chase-family-arena
harvard,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/harvard,Ivy League,lavietes-pavilion
hawaii,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/hawaii,Big West,stan-sheriff-center
high-point,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/high-point,Big South,millis-athletic-center
hofstra,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/hofstra,CAA,mack-sports-complex
holy-cross,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/holy-cross,Patriot,hart-center
houston,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/houston,American Athletic,hofheinz-pavilion
houston-baptist,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/houston-baptist,Southland,sharp-gymnasium
howard,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/howard,MEAC,burr-gymnasium
idaho,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/idaho,WAC,cowan-spectrum
idaho-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/idaho-state,Big Sky,reed-gym
illinois,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/illinois,Big Ten,assembly-hall-il
illinois-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/illinois-state,Missouri Valley,redbird-arena
incarnate-word,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/incarnate-word,Southland,NULL
indiana,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/indiana,Big Ten,assembly-hall-in
indiana-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/indiana-state,Missouri Valley,hulman-center
iona,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/iona,MAAC,hynes-athletic-center
iowa,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/iowa,Big Ten,carver-hawkeye-arena
iowa-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/iowa-state,Big 12,james-h-hilton-coliseum
iupu-fort-wayne,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/iupu-fort-wayne,Summit League,allen-county-war-memorial-coliseum
iupui,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/iupui,Summit League,iupui-gymnasium
jackson-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/jackson-state,SWAC,williams-assembly-center
jacksonville,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/jacksonville,Atlantic Sun,jacksonville-veterans-memorial-coliseum
jacksonville-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/jacksonville-state,Ohio Valley,pete-mathews-coliseum
james-madison,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/james-madison,CAA,jmu-convocation-center
kansas,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/kansas,Big 12,allen-fieldhouse
kansas-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/kansas-state,Big 12,bramlage-coliseum
kennesaw-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/kennesaw-state,Atlantic Sun,ksu-convocation-center
kent-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/kent-state,MAC,memorial-athletic-and-convocation-center
kentucky,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/kentucky,SEC,rupp-arena
la-salle,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/la-salle,A-10,tom-gola-arena
lafayette,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/lafayette,Patriot,kirby-sports-center
lamar,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/lamar,Southland,montagne-center
lehigh,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/lehigh,Patriot,stabler-arena
liberty,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/liberty,Big South,vines-convocation-center
lipscomb,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/lipscomb,Atlantic Sun,allen-arena
long-beach-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/long-beach-state,Big West,the-walter-pyramid
long-island,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/long-island,NEC,athletic-recreation-wellness-center
longwood,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/longwood,Big South,willett-hall
louisiana-lafayette,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/louisiana-lafayette,Sun Belt,cajun-dome
louisiana-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/louisiana-tech,Conference USA,thomas-assembly-center
louisiana-monroe,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/louisiana-monroe,Sun Belt,fant-ewing-coliseum
louisville,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/louisville,American Athletic,kfc-yum-center
loyola-il,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/loyola-il,Missouri Valley,joseph-j-gentile-center
loyola-md,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/loyola-md,Patriot,reitz-arena
loyola-marymount,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/loyola-marymount,West Coast,gersten-pavilion
lsu,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/lsu,SEC,pete-maravich-center
maine,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/maine,America East,alfond-arena
manhattan,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/manhattan,MAAC,draddy-gymnasium
marist,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/marist,MAAC,mccann-center
marquette,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/marquette,Big East,bmo-harris-bradley-center
marshall,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/marshall,Conference USA,cam-henderson-center
maryland,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/maryland,ACC,comcast-center
maryland-baltimore-county,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/maryland-baltimore-county,America East,retriever-activities-center
maryland-eastern-shore,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/maryland-eastern-shore,MEAC,william-p-hytche-center
massachusetts,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/massachusetts,A-10,william-d-mullins-center
mcneese-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/mcneese-state,Southland,burton-coliseum
memphis,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/memphis,American Athletic,fedex-forum
mercer,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/mercer,Atlantic Sun,university-center-ga
miami-fl,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/miami-fl,ACC,bankunited-center
miami-oh,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/miami-oh,MAC,john-d-millett-hall
michigan,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/michigan,Big Ten,crisler-arena
michigan-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/michigan-state,Big Ten,breslin-center
middle-tennessee-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/middle-tennessee-state,Conference USA,murphy-center
wisconsin-milwaukee,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wisconsin-milwaukee,Horizon,klotsche-center
minnesota,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/minnesota,Big Ten,williams-arena
mississippi-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/mississippi-state,SEC,humphrey-coliseum
mississippi-valley-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/mississippi-valley-state,SWAC,harrison-complex
missouri,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/missouri,SEC,mizzou-arena
missouri-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/missouri-state,Missouri Valley,jqhs-arena
missouri-kansas-city,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/missouri-kansas-city,WAC,swinney-recreation-center
monmouth,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/monmouth,MAAC,multipurpose-activity-center
montana,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/montana,Big Sky,dahlberg-arena
montana-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/montana-state,Big Sky,worthington-arena
morehead-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/morehead-state,Ohio Valley,ellis-t-johnson-arena
morgan-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/morgan-state,MEAC,hill-fieldhouse
mount-st-marys,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/mount-st-marys,NEC,knott-arena
murray-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/murray-state,Ohio Valley,regional-events-center
navy,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/navy,Patriot,alumni-hall-md
north-carolina-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-carolina-state,ACC,pnc-arena
nebraska,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/nebraska,Big Ten,bob-devaney-sports-center
nebraska-omaha,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/nebraska-omaha,Summit League,ralston-arena
nevada,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/nevada,Mountain West,lawlor-events-center
new-hampshire,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/new-hampshire,America East,lundholm-gym
new-jersey-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/new-jersey-tech,Independents,estelle-and-zoom-fleisher-athletic-center
new-mexico,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/new-mexico,Mountain West,university-arena
new-mexico-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/new-mexico-state,WAC,pan-american-center
new-orleans,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/new-orleans,Southland,lakefront-arena
niagara,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/niagara,MAAC,gallagher-center
nicholls-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/nicholls-state,Southland,stopher-gym
norfolk-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/norfolk-state,MEAC,joseph-g-echols-hall
north-carolina,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-carolina,ACC,dean-e-smith-center
north-carolina-at,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-carolina-at,MEAC,corbett-sports-center
north-carolina-central,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-carolina-central,MEAC,mclendon-mcdougald-gymnasium
north-carolina-asheville,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-carolina-asheville,Big South,justice-center
north-carolina-greensboro,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-carolina-greensboro,SoCon,greensboro-coliseum
north-carolina-wilmington,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-carolina-wilmington,CAA,trask-coliseum
north-dakota,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-dakota,Big Sky,sioux-center
north-dakota-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-dakota-state,Summit League,bison-sports-arena
north-florida,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-florida,Atlantic Sun,unf-arena
north-texas,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/north-texas,Conference USA,super-pit
northeastern,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/northeastern,CAA,matthews-arena
northern-arizona,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/northern-arizona,Big Sky,walkup-skydome
northern-colorado,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/northern-colorado,Big Sky,butler-hancock-sports-pavilion
northern-illinois,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/northern-illinois,MAC,convocation-center-il
northern-iowa,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/northern-iowa,Missouri Valley,mcleod-center
northern-kentucky,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/northern-kentucky,Atlantic Sun,bank-of-kentucky-center
northwestern,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/northwestern,Big Ten,welsh-ryan-arena
northwestern-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/northwestern-state,Southland,prather-coliseum
notre-dame,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/notre-dame,ACC,joyce-center
oakland,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/oakland,Horizon,athletics-center-arena
ohio,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/ohio,MAC,convocation-center-oh
ohio-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/ohio-state,Big Ten,value-city-arena
oklahoma,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/oklahoma,Big 12,lloyd-noble-center
oklahoma-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/oklahoma-state,Big 12,gallagher-iba-arena
old-dominion,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/old-dominion,Conference USA,constant-convocation-center
mississippi,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/mississippi,SEC,smith-coliseum
oral-roberts,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/oral-roberts,Southland,mabee-center
oregon,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/oregon,Pac-12,matthew-knight-arena
oregon-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/oregon-state,Pac-12,gill-coliseum
pacific,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/pacific,West Coast,spanos-center
penn-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/penn-state,Big Ten,bryce-jordan-center
pennsylvania,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/pennsylvania,Ivy League,the-palestra
pepperdine,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/pepperdine,West Coast,firestone-fieldhouse
pittsburgh,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/pittsburgh,ACC,petersen-events-center
portland,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/portland,West Coast,chiles-center
portland-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/portland-state,Big Sky,stott-center
prairie-view-am,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/prairie-view-am,SWAC,william-nicks-center
presbyterian,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/presbyterian,Big South,ross-e-templeton-p-e-center
princeton,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/princeton,Ivy League,jadwin-gymnasium
providence,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/providence,Big East,dunkin-donuts-center
purdue,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/purdue,Big Ten,mackey-arena
quinnipiac,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/quinnipiac,MAAC,td-bank-sports-center
radford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/radford,Big South,dedmon-center
rhode-island,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/rhode-island,A-10,ryan-center
rice,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/rice,Conference USA,autry-court
richmond,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/richmond,A-10,robins-center
rider,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/rider,MAAC,alumni-gymnasium
robert-morris,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/robert-morris,NEC,charles-l-sewall-center
rutgers,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/rutgers,American Athletic,louis-brown-athletic-center
sacramento-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/sacramento-state,Big Sky,hornets-nest
sacred-heart,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/sacred-heart,NEC,william-pitt-center
saint-louis,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/saint-louis,A-10,chaifetz-arena
saint-marys,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/saint-marys,West Coast,mckeon-pavilion
sam-houston-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/sam-houston-state,Southland,johnson-coliseum
samford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/samford,SoCon,pete-hanna-center
san-diego,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/san-diego,West Coast,jenny-craig-pavilion
san-diego-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/san-diego-state,Mountain West,cox-arena
san-francisco,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/san-francisco,West Coast,war-memorial-gymnasium
san-jose-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/san-jose-state,Mountain West,event-center
santa-clara,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/santa-clara,West Coast,leavey-center
savannah-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/savannah-state,MEAC,tiger-arena
seattle,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/seattle,WAC,2-key-arena
seton-hall,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/seton-hall,Big East,prudential-center
siena,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/siena,MAAC,times-union-center
siu-edwardsville,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/siu-edwardsville,Ohio Valley,vadalabene-center
south-alabama,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-alabama,Sun Belt,mitchell-center
south-carolina,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-carolina,SEC,colonial-center
south-carolina-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-carolina-state,MEAC,scsu-gymnasium
south-dakota,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-dakota,Summit League,dakotadome
south-dakota-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-dakota-state,Summit League,frost-arena
south-florida,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/south-florida,American Athletic,sun-dome
southeast-missouri-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southeast-missouri-state,Ohio Valley,show-me-center
southeastern-louisiana,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southeastern-louisiana,Southland,university-center-la
southern-illinois,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-illinois,Missouri Valley,siu-arena
southern-methodist,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-methodist,American Athletic,moody-coliseum
southern-miss,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-miss,Conference USA,reed-green-coliseum
southern-university,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-university,SWAC,f-g-clark-center
southern-utah,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-utah,Big Sky,centrum-arena
st-bonaventure,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-bonaventure,A-10,reilly-center
st-francis-ny,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-francis-ny,NEC,pope-physical-education-center
st-francis-pa,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-francis-pa,NEC,degol-arena
st-johns,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-johns,Big East,madison-square-garden
st-josephs-pa,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-josephs-pa,A-10,alumni-memorial-fieldhouse
st-peters,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/st-peters,MAAC,yanitelli-arena
stanford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/stanford,Pac-12,maples-pavilion
stephen-f-austin,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/stephen-f-austin,Southland,william-r-johnson-coliseum
stetson,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/stetson,Atlantic Sun,edmunds-center
stony-brook,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/stony-brook,America East,pritchard-gymnasium
syracuse,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/syracuse,ACC,carrier-dome
texas-christian,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-christian,Big 12,daniel-meyer-coliseum
temple,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/temple,American Athletic,liacouras-center
tennessee,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tennessee,SEC,thompson-boling-arena
tennessee-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tennessee-state,Ohio Valley,gentry-center
tennessee-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tennessee-tech,Ohio Valley,eblen-center
tennessee-martin,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tennessee-martin,Ohio Valley,skyhawk-center
texas,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas,Big 12,frank-c-erwin-jr-special-events-center
texas-am,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-am,SEC,reed-arena
texas-am-corpus-christi,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-am-corpus-christi,Southland,american-bank-center
texas-southern,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-southern,SWAC,health-pe-arena
texas-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-state,Sun Belt,strahan-coliseum
texas-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-tech,Big 12,united-spirit-arena
texas-arlington,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-arlington,Sun Belt,college-park-center
texas-el-paso,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-el-paso,Conference USA,don-haskins-center
texas-pan-american,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-pan-american,WAC,utpa-fieldhouse
texas-san-antonio,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/texas-san-antonio,Conference USA,utsa-convocation-center
toledo,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/toledo,MAC,savage-hall
towson,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/towson,CAA,towson-center
troy,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/troy,Sun Belt,trojan-arena
tulane,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tulane,Conference USA,devlin-fieldhouse
tulsa,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/tulsa,Conference USA,reynolds-center
uab,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/uab,Conference USA,bartow-arena
california-davis,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california-davis,Big West,davis-pavilion
california-irvine,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california-irvine,Big West,bren-events-center
california-riverside,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california-riverside,Big West,student-recreation-center
california-santa-barbara,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/california-santa-barbara,Big West,the-thunderdome
central-florida,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/central-florida,American Athletic,ucf-arena
ucla,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/ucla,Pac-12,pauley-pavilion
illinois-chicago,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/illinois-chicago,Horizon,uic-pavilion
umass-lowell,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/umass-lowell,America East,NULL
unlv,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/unlv,Mountain West,thomas-mack-center
southern-california,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/southern-california,Pac-12,galen-center
usc-upstate,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/usc-upstate,Atlantic Sun,g-b-hodge-center
utah,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/utah,Pac-12,jon-m-huntsman-center
utah-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/utah-state,Mountain West,dee-glen-smith-spectrum
utah-valley-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/utah-valley-state,WAC,uccu-center
valparaiso,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/valparaiso,Horizon,athletics-recreation-center
vanderbilt,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/vanderbilt,SEC,memorial-gym-tn
vermont,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/vermont,America East,patrick-gym
villanova,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/villanova,Big East,the-pavilion
virginia,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/virginia,ACC,john-paul-jones-arena
virginia-commonwealth,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/virginia-commonwealth,A-10,stuart-siegel-center
virginia-military-institute,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/virginia-military-institute,Big South,cameron-hall
virginia-tech,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/virginia-tech,ACC,cassell-coliseum
wagner,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wagner,NEC,spiro-sports-center
wake-forest,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wake-forest,ACC,lawrence-joel-coliseum
washington,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/washington,Pac-12,alaska-airlines-arena
washington-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/washington-state,Pac-12,friel-court
weber-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/weber-state,Big Sky,dee-events-center
west-virginia,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/west-virginia,Big 12,wvu-coliseum
western-carolina,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/western-carolina,SoCon,ramsey-center
western-illinois,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/western-illinois,Summit League,western-hall
western-kentucky,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/western-kentucky,Sun Belt,e-a-diddle-arena
western-michigan,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/western-michigan,MAC,university-arena-mi
wichita-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wichita-state,Missouri Valley,charles-koch-arena
william-mary,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/william-mary,CAA,william-mary-hall
winthrop,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/winthrop,Big South,winthrop-coliseum
wisconsin,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wisconsin,Big Ten,kohl-center
wofford,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wofford,SoCon,benjamin-johnson-arena
wright-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wright-state,Horizon,nutter-center
wyoming,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/wyoming,Mountain West,arena-auditorium
xavier,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/xavier,Big East,cintas-center
yale,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/yale,Ivy League,2-john-j-lee-amphitheater
youngstown-state,http://statsheet.com/mcb/teams/youngstown-state,Horizon,NULL
